1. Factorial of 100
Code: Loops from 100 down to 1, multiplying to find the factorial.
Correctness: Valid and gives the right output.
Observation: Python handles big integers automatically.

2. String Immutability
Demonstrates how strings are immutable in Python using id() values.
Alternative: Building strings using a list and ''.join() is memory efficient.

3. Unicode Handling
Shows how to print characters using Unicode escape sequences (\uXXXX).
Also uses unicodedata.lookup() to find characters like:
-Ω (Greek Omega)
-😀 (Grinning Face)
-Chinese and Indian characters

4. Keyboard Character Unicode Encoding
Converts any user-entered character into Unicode format using:
ord(character) -> integer
f'\\u{unicode:04x}' -> string format

5. NLTK POS Tagging
I used POS tagging to analyze the textual content fetched from a URL — not the URL itself (like https://example.com), but the text data extracted from a webpage or input provided via a URL.

Reasons for Using POS Tagging on URL Text:

1. To Understand the Grammar of Web Content
*URLs often point to pages that contain informative paragraphs.
*Applying POS tagging helps determine:
Which words are nouns (products, people, places),
Which are verbs (actions),
Which are adjectives (descriptions), etc.
*This helps the machine understand what the page is about.

2. For Information Extraction
*POS tagging helps in extracting specific information from web pages.
Example: Extracting names of people (NNP), dates (CD), or actions (VB).
*Useful in building scrapers, chatbots, or search engines that understand content semantically.

3. For Filtering and Summarization
*By tagging parts of speech, you can:
Identify important words (like nouns and verbs),
Filter out unimportant ones (like "the", "and", "of"),
And build a summary of the web content.

4. Support NLP Tasks from Web Text
*If your project or lab involves:
Sentiment analysis,
Topic modeling,
Keyword extraction,
Named entity recognition,
Then POS tagging becomes a foundational step after retrieving data from a URL.

